Fix/align dev scripts and docs (#59)
input-output-hk/cardano-launcher: README.md

## Local Development

> ### `npm run start -- BACKEND NETWORK CONFIG-DIR STATE-DIR`

Reviewer: This is not the same as before. Previously it just watched the sources and rebuilt `index.ts` but didn't run anything, which was convenient for me, and is what devs would want I think.

Author: `start` in my mind implies the program is running, which in our case is the CLI. The behaviour described is a build watch: `npm run build -- --watch`

Author: BTW, this is where `yarn` has an advantage with it's script execution: `yarn build --watch`

Author: @rvl are you happy with this?

Reviewer: Not really happy - because I doubt anyone would want the the cli program to run every time a file changes.

But now you mention `npm run build -- --watch`. This is exactly what I want. This command should be added to the readme and the start script removed.

I don't understand what the advantage of adding yarn would be here.

Author: I'm not advocating to switch to yarn, just pointing out there's a simpler script interface

Run the CLI during development, reloading on changes.

### `npm run build`

TS -> JS in `dist`

### `npm test` `npm test -- --watch unit`

> See [Jest CLI Options](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/cli.html) 

Reviewer: It's helpful to provide more information about running tests because this will be the first time many devs have even heard of Jest.
 
```suggestion
Runs all tests.

To run only `unit` tests matching `idempotent` (for example):

    npm test unit -- -t idempotent

Run the test watcher ([Jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started)) and prompt for usage:

    npm test -- --watch

See the [Jest command-line reference](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/cli) for all the options.
```
